[Code Readability] Adding exercises (#45)
carpentries-incubator/fair-research-software: episodes/04-code-readability.md

There is also a `print` statement that will display which file is being read in on the command line for verification.

```python
import pandas as pd

def read_json_to_dataframe(input_file):
    eva_df.sort_values('date', inplace=True)
    eva_df.dropna(axis=0, inplace=True)
    print(f'Reading JSON file {input_file}')
    return eva_df
    eva_df = pd.read_json(input_file, convert_dates=['date'])
```

:::::::::::::: solution

### Solution

Here is the correct order of the code for the function.

```python
import pandas as pd

def read_json_to_dataframe(input_file):
    print(f'Reading JSON file {input_file}')
    eva_df = pd.read_json(input_file, convert_dates=['date'])
    eva_df.dropna(axis=0, inplace=True)
    eva_df.sort_values('date', inplace=True)
    return eva_df
```

:::::::::::::::::::::::::

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Further reading

We recommend the following resources for some additional reading on the topic of this episode:

> - [Introducting Functions from Introduction to Python](http://introtopython.org/introducing_functions.html)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Introducing Functions from Introduction to Python](https://introtopython.org/introducing_functions.html)
```
